feat(aqueduct): Tree-based PureDataObject implementation (#23943)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/stuffed-bears-relax.md

---
"@fluid-experimental/tree-react-api": minor
---
---
"section": other
---

> Update data object APIs to leverage new SharedTree-based data object class
> 
> Rather than leveraging a classic `DataObject` with a `SharedDirectory` at the root, and a `SharedTree` beneath, the library now leverages a new data object class that uses the `SharedTree` directly at the root.
> Results in some simplifications to this package's APIs which are breaking.
> Namely,
> - Removes the `key` property from the data object configuration.
>   This key was used to inform where the SharedTree was parented beneath the root SharedDirectory, so it no longer serves a purpose.
> - Inlined the `ITreeDataObject` interface into `IReactTreeDataObject`.

Reviewer: This will show up in two places based on our release process: the changelog of the package (its fine for that) and the release notes for the client release this lands in.

I think the phrasing here needs to be made a bit more specific, so it makes sense in that context.

Also this description covers a bit too much internal implementation details for a customer facing release.

```suggestion
Simplify experimental tree data object implementation

The experimental tree data object from `tree-react-api` are incompatible with their previous version which used a `DataObject` with a `SharedDirectory` at the root.
The library now leverages a new data object that uses the `SharedTree` directly at the root.
In addition to breaking compatibility with existing documents, This resulted in some simplifications to the APIs which are also breaking:

- Removes the `key` property from the data object configuration.
  This key was used to specify where the SharedTree was parented beneath the root SharedDirectory.
- Inlined the `ITreeDataObject` interface into `IReactTreeDataObject`.
```

Author: Good feedback. I made some adjustments to your suggestion, so let me know what you think of the final wording.
